Fill symfony/serializer bridge documentation (#144)
yokai-php/batch-src: docs/docs/bridges/symfony-serializer.rst

Bridge with ``symfony/serializer``
============================================================

> See `official documentation <https://symfony.com/doc/current/serializer.html>`__ on Symfony's website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the `official documentation <https://symfony.com/doc/current/serializer.html>`__ on Symfony's website.
```

Denormalize item processor
------------------------------------------------------------

This item processor will denormalize scalar items to an object, and return the denormalized version.

.. literalinclude:: symfony-serializer/denormalize-processor.php
   :language: php

.. seealso::
   | :doc:`What is an item processor? </core-concepts/item-job/item-processor>`

Normalize item processor
------------------------------------------------------------

> This item processor will normalize every item and return the normalized version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This item processor will normalize each item and returns the normalized version.
```
